# Project Log
As you may know, a resume is only so big and a developer's work never truly ends. Because of this, I've made a running log of all my projects. My resume will have the highlights of my work, but this github repository will hold *all* of my projects. I won't put the actual code here, but I'll have little descriptions and such, maybe screenshots. And I'll probably put a link to each github repo for each entry too.

*Currently all of my projects are in development or were finished before I discovered github, but here's the stuff I'm working on now:*
- C calculator that takes numbers from of a given base
  - This point of this project is to learn C without doing a project that's too simple. This is going to be a calculator where the user can choose which base they're doing the math in (binary, decimal, hex, whatever). It's going to be a GUI program, but I'm starting slow and trying to use the Model-View-Controller pattern.
- JavaScript MEAN Stack Twitter Mock
  - This is literally just going to be a twitter mock. I've known JavaScript for a while now, but my weakness as a developer is that I hate using frameworks. Obviously, this is a huge problem, so I'm solving it by forcing myself to learn 4 frameworks at once. By the end of this, I want to grow as a coder and have a cool project done.
- My church's website ([current version](http://deeperlifefdcc.org/))
  - I made this website for my church and I currently maintain it. So technically, this will always be an ongoing project. Right now, it's just a static site, but I want to make it a web app, which was another one of my motives behind learning the MEAN stack. Check out the site to see what's going on with it. It's my only live project.
- My Personal site
  - this is going to be live soon (web hosting ain't free). Technically it's done, but like my church's site it's just static. All it has is some info about me and some links to places you can get more info about me (LinkedIn, github, social media, etc.). I'm not really sure what kind of stuff I can do on the site to show my skills that won't look corny (especially since I want to be a backend engineer and all that stuff would be frontend), so I might just leave it that way and let my projects speak for themselves.
- Launching Web Apps
  - This isn't really a project, but it also is at the same time. And, either way, it's important. I've been doing research on how I can launch my personal website. Right now its a static site, but it's going to grow into a web app eventually, so I don't want to put it up as just a static site, I want to deploy it as a web app, so that when it actually is one, I can simply deploy the update. So basically, I want to learn to deploy web apps now, despite I haven't finished any of my web apps yet (Although my Twitter mock --listed above-- is nearly done). It's a lot more involved than I would have ever though, but it's good that I'm learning. I' tempted to just use github pages, but I want the real experience. After all, I'm going to have to stuff like this when I start working so better to learn now.
  - So far I've researched services that will help me deploy. DigitalOcean and Heroku are pretty much all I've seen but Heroku looks best, one of my CS teachers also suggested it to me.
  - I'm also looking for something very cost efficient. This isn't like a commercial project or anything, so I'd like to keep it inexpensive, so that's something to keep in mind.
